Add Pack to list of package managers (#2986)
idris-lang/Idris2: docs/source/libraries/index.rst

Please feel free to contribute your own libraries there! Eventually, we aim to
have a package manager for managing libraries and dependencies. We do not yet

> have an official one, but there are (at least) three in development:
> 
> * Inigo: https://github.com/idris-community/inigo
> * Pack: https://github.com/stefan-hoeck/idris2-pack
> * sae: https://github.com/DoctorRyner/sae

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have an official one, but there are (at least) one actively developed:

* Pack: https://github.com/stefan-hoeck/idris2-pack
```
